Add GPT Toplevel Ontology project (#4041)
perma-id/w3id.org: gptto/README.md

# /gptto/

> A top-level ontology extracted from ChatGPT. This ontology is the result of a targeted propts with the goal to construct a top level ontology that underlies statements generated by ChatGPT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A top-level ontology extracted from ChatGPT. This ontology is the result of targeted prompts, with the goal of constructing a top level ontology that underlies statements generated by ChatGPT.
```

> Authors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Maintainer

* Martin Glauer (@MGlauer)

## Authors
```
